IPL-9514: update TFE 2.0.x policy evaluation known issue workaround (#2451)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/2.0.x/docs/enterprise/releases/2.0.x/index.mdx

## Known Issues

> 1. (Updated 5/14/2026) In Terraform Enterprise 2.0.0 and later 2.0.x releases, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. **We recommend not upgrading to 2.0.x if you use policies until this issue is resolved.** As an immediate mitigation, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Updated 5/14/2026) In 2.0.x, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. If you use policies, do not upgrade to 2.0.x until this issue is resolved. As an immediate mitigation, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).
```
2.0.x includes 2.0.0, so calling them out separately is probably more confusing, especially since this item appears in the v2.0 release notes. Bold font should only be used for UI elements and unfamiliar terms per the style guide. 

What do we mean by "mitigation"? Does turning on `supervisord` resolve the issue or is it a temporary workaround that disables policy evaluation until we can patch it?

Author: It's a temporary workaround; we're working on a patch to be released soon!

## Known Issues

> 1. (Updated 5/14/2026) In Terraform Enterprise 2.0.0 and later 2.0.x releases, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. **We recommend not upgrading to 2.0.x if you use policies until this issue is resolved.** As an immediate mitigation, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).

Reviewer: Use the same language we decide on in this entry

## Known Issues

> 1. (Updated 5/15/2026) In 2.0.1, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. This issue is resolved in 2.0.2 — upgrade to 2.0.2 to obtain the fix. If you cannot upgrade immediately, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it as a temporary mitigation. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Updated 5/15/2026) In 2.0.1, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. This issue is resolved in 2.0.2. Upgrade to 2.0.2 to obtain the fix. If you cannot upgrade immediately, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it as a temporary mitigation. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).
```
Super minor style issue. Don't use em or en dashes

## Known Issues

> 1. (Updated 5/15/2026) In 2.0.0, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. This issue is resolved in 2.0.2 — upgrade to 2.0.2 to obtain the fix. If you cannot upgrade immediately, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it as a temporary mitigation. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Updated 5/15/2026) In 2.0.0, policy evaluations may not complete in workspaces with a large number of policies, resulting in stuck runs. This issue is resolved in 2.0.2. Upgrade to 2.0.2 to obtain the fix. If you cannot upgrade immediately, set `TFE_USE_SUPERVISORD=true` in the Terraform Enterprise container environment and restart it as a temporary mitigation. For additional details, refer to the [IBM support article](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/7272682).
```
